Source: C'est prêt.
Pivot: It's ready.
Target: Yɛasiesie wo ho.

Source: Il n'étudie pas assez.
Pivot: He doesn't study enough.
Target: Ɔnsua ade pii.

Source: Smith a répondu qu'il était désolé.
Pivot: Smith replied that he was sorry.
Target: China buaa no sɛ wadi mfomso.

Source: Prends les clés à ton frère.
Pivot: Take the keys to your brother.
Target: Fa safe no ma wo nua no.

Source: Cela nous regarde bien.
Pivot: We have a great interest.
Target: Yɛn ani gye paa.

Source: Il n'a pas répondu à la question.
Pivot: He didn't answer the question.
Target: Wamma asɛmmisa no ho mmuae.

Source: Je n'ai plus d'argent sur moi maintenant.
Pivot: I've run out of money on myself now.
Target: Seesei, minni sika bio.

Source: C'était une tragédie.
Pivot: It was a tragedy.
Target: Ná ɛyɛ awerɛhosɛm.

Source: Mon frère est assez riche pour acheter une voiture.
Pivot: My brother has enough money to buy a car.
Target: Me nuabarima no wɔ sika pii a ɔde bɛtɔ kar.

Source: Il y a beaucoup en jeu.
Pivot: There's a lot at stake.
Target: Asɛm no ho hia paa.

Source: Tu me manques.
Pivot: I miss you.
Target: M'ani gyina wo.

Source: Que voulez-vous que je lise d'autre?
Pivot: What else do you want me to read?
Target: Dɛn bio na wopɛ sɛ mekenkan?

Source: Il a gaspillé tout son argent.
Pivot: He wasted all his money.
Target: Ɔsɛee ne sika nyinaa.

Source: Il aimait parler de lui-même.
Pivot: He liked to talk about himself.
Target: N'ani gyee ho sɛ ɔbɛka n'ankasa ho asɛm.

Source: Vérifiez cette traduction avec l'original.
Pivot: Check this translation with the original.
Target: Hwɛ sɛ wode mfitiase nkyerɛase yi bedi dwuma anaa.

Source: Kwabena a dû dépenser une fortune pour sa nouvelle maison.
Pivot: Kwabena had to spend a fortune on his new house.
Target: Ná ɛsɛ sɛ kwabena nya sika wɔ ne fie foforo no ho.

Source: Est-ce contagieux?
Pivot: Is this contagious?
Target: So eyi yɛ yare mmoawa?

Source: Je ne pense pas que ce soit dangereux.
Pivot: I don't think it's dangerous.
Target: Minsusuw sɛ asiane wom.

Source: Je vois que tu te souviens de moi.
Pivot: I see you remember me.
Target: Mihu sɛ wokae me.

Source: Abena et kwaku se soucient de la vie privée.
Pivot: Abena and kwaku care about privacy.
Target: Abena ne kwaku ani gye kokoam nsɛm ho.

Source: Ne laissez pas les enfants jouer avec des couteaux.
Pivot: Don't let children play with knifes.
Target: Mma mmofra mfa sekan nni agoru.

Source: Tu devrais peut-être écouter.
Pivot: You might want to listen.
Target: Ebia wobɛpɛ sɛ wutie no.

Source: Combien de temps devons-nous attendre?
Pivot: How long do we have to wait?
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ metwɛn kosi bere bɛn?

Source: Les voitures fabriquées au japon sont utilisées partout dans le monde.
Pivot: Japan-made cars are used all over the world.
Target: Japanfo de kar a wɔayɛ di dwuma wɔ wiase nyinaa.

Source: Elle était là le matin.
Pivot: She was there in the morning.
Target: Ná ɔwɔ hɔ anɔpa.

Source: Cette copie est pleine de fautes.
Pivot: This copy is full of mistakes.
Target: Mfomso pii wɔ saa nhoma yi mu.

Source: Je ne veux plus que tu y penses.
Pivot: I don't want you to think about it anymore.
Target: Mempɛ sɛ wudwen ho bio.

Source: Pourquoi vos chats se sont-ils cachés sous la couverture?
Pivot: Why did your cats hide under the blanket?
Target: Dɛn nti na wo mmoa no de wɔn siee kuntu no ase?

Source: Je ne comprends pas du tout le français.
Pivot: I don't understand french at all
Target: Mente franse kasa koraa

Source: Je ne suis pas gros.
Pivot: I'm not fat.
Target: Menyɛ kɛse.

Source: Il venait du sud.
Pivot: He was from the south.
Target: Ná ofi anafo fam.

Source: Il était juste derrière moi.
Pivot: He was right behind me.
Target: Ɔno na na ɔwɔ m'akyi pɛɛ.

Source: Je veux vous montrer quelque chose.
Pivot: I want to show you something.
Target: Mepɛ sɛ mekyerɛ wo biribi.

Source: Plus nous apprenons, plus nous réalisons à quel point nous savons peu de choses.
Pivot: The more we learn, the more we realize how few things we know.
Target: Dodow a yesua ade no, dodow no ara na yehu sɛnea nneɛma a yenim no sua no.

Source: Ce bus va-t-il à la plage?
Pivot: Is that bus going to the beach?
Target: So saa bɔs no rekɔ mpoano hɔ?

Source: J'avais l'habitude d'aller à l'église le dimanche.
Pivot: I used to go to church on sundays.
Target: Ná mekɔ asɔre kwasida biara.

Source: Asamoah est le seul ami de boatemaa.
Pivot: Asamoah is boatemaa's only friend.
Target: Asamoah yɛ boatemaa adamfo koro pɛ.

Source: Je pensais que c'était une erreur de révéler le secret à kwaku.
Pivot: I thought it was a mistake to tell kwaku the secret.
Target: Ná misusuw sɛ ɛyɛ mfomso sɛ mɛka akyerɛ kwaku.

Source: La ville est connue pour ses beaux parcs.
Pivot: The town is famous for its beautiful parks.
Target: Kurow no agye din wɔ agodibea fɛfɛ a ɛwɔ hɔ no mu.

Source: Êtes-vous pour ou contre la guerre?
Pivot: Are you for or against the war?
Target: So wugyina ɔko no akyi anaasɛ woko tia?

Source: Je veux juste attendre encore quelques minutes.
Pivot: I just want to wait a few more minutes.
Target: Mepɛ sɛ metwɛn simma kakraa bi ka ho.

Source: Le garçon a fait renverser la vitre.
Pivot: The boy knocked down the window.
Target: Abarimaa no bɔɔ mfɛnsere no mu.

Source: Je pense que c'est son parapluie.
Pivot: I think it's his umbrella.
Target: Misusuw sɛ ɛyɛ ne kyinii.

Source: Nous avons bien avancé.
Pivot: We have made good progress.
Target: Yɛanya nkɔso pii.

Source: La population du japon est plus importante que celle de la grande-bretagne et de la france réunies.
Pivot: The population of japan is more important than that of great britain and france united.
Target: Japan mu nnipa dodow ho hia sen pata ne france de no koraa.

Source: Il était coupable de meurtre.
Pivot: He was guilty of murder.
Target: Odii awu.

Source: Asamoah a dit qu'il voulait rendre heureux aba.
Pivot: Asamoah said he wanted to make aba happy.
Target: Sɛnea asamoah kae no, na ɔpɛ sɛ ɔma aba ani gye.

Source: Ils ont modifié le document.
Pivot: They changed the document.
Target: Wɔyɛɛ nsakrae wɔ krataa no mu.

Source: Ils doivent trouver un appartement en ville.
Pivot: They have to find an apartment in town.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ wɔhwehwɛ ofie bi wɔ kurow no mu.

Source: Vous venez d'hokkaido, n'est-ce pas?
Pivot: You're from hokkaido, aren't you?
Target: Wofiri hokkaido, ɛnte saa anaa?

Source: C'est mon livre.
Pivot: This is my book.
Target: Eyi ne me nhoma.

Source: Les virus sont beaucoup plus petits que les bactéries.
Pivot: Viruses are much shorter than bacteria.
Target: Yare mmoawa yɛ tiaa sen ɔyare mmoawa koraa.

Source: Après trois verres, l'homme s'est évanoui.
Pivot: After three glasses, the man fainted.
Target: Bere a ɔbarima no hwehwɛɛ kuruwa abiɛsa akyi no, ne ho dwiriw no.

Source: Il y a un traître parmi nous.
Pivot: There's a traitor among us.
Target: Ɔfatwafo bi wɔ yɛn mu.

Source: Il devrait venir tout de suite!
Pivot: He should come right away!
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ ɔba ntɛm ara!

Source: Nous avons besoin d'un outil pour l'ouvrir.
Pivot: We need a tool to open it.
Target: Yehia adwinnade bi a yɛde bue ano.

Source: Regardez ce bâtiment rouge.
Pivot: Look at that red building.
Target: Hwɛ saa ɔdan kɔkɔɔ no.

Source: Comment vous vous appelez?
Pivot: What is your name?
Target: Yɛfrɛ wo sɛn?

Source: Je voulais seulement faire ce qui était le mieux.
Pivot: I only wanted to do what was better.
Target: Nea na mepɛ ara ne sɛ mɛyɛ papa.

Source: Je connais son nom.
Pivot: I happened to know her name.
Target: Mibehuu ne din.

Source: Asamoah n'a pas parlé à aba de l'accident.
Pivot: Asamoah didn't tell aba about the accident.
Target: Asamoah anka akwanhyia no ho asɛm ankyerɛ aba.

Source: Elle a promis à son père d'être à l'heure pour le déjeuner.
Pivot: She promised her father to be on time for lunch.
Target: Ɔhyɛɛ ne papa bɔ sɛ obedi awia aduan.

Source: Le bien-être de la population c'est la responsabilité du gouvernement.
Pivot: The welfare of the people is the responsibility of government.
Target: Ɔman no yiyedi yɛ nniso no asɛyɛde.

Source: Kwabena a détruit le château de sable des enfants.
Pivot: Kwabena destroyed the children's sand castle.
Target: Kwabena sɛee mmofra no mfɛnsere mu no.

Source: Ce que kwaku voulait vraiment, c'était qu'abena soit heureuse.
Pivot: What kwaku really wanted was for abena to be happy.
Target: Nea na kwaku pɛ ankasa ne sɛ abena ani begye.

Source: Je suis content qu'asamoah soit à la maison.
Pivot: I'm glad asamoah is at home.
Target: M'ani agye sɛ asamoah wɔ fie.

Source: Mes parents veulent que j'étudie la médecine.
Pivot: My parents want me to study medicine.
Target: M'awofo pɛ sɛ misua aduru.

Source: Puis-je conduire, s'il vous plaît?
Pivot: May i drive, please?
Target: Mesrɛ wo, so metumi aka kar?

Source: Elle est innocente je vcrois.
Pivot: I believe she's innocent.
Target: Migye di sɛ ne ho nni asɛm.

Source: L'inondation a détruit les récoltes.
Pivot: The flooding destroyed the crops.
Target: Nsu no sɛee nnɔbae no.

Source: Le roi a frappé des lourdes taxes au peuple.
Pivot: The king imposed heavy taxes on the people.
Target: Ɔhene no tow tow akɛse guu ɔman no so.

Source: Personne au monde ne veut la guerre.
Pivot: Nobody in the world wants war.
Target: Obiara nni wiase a ɔpɛ akodi.

Source: Le facteur a été mordu par ce chien.
Pivot: The mailman was bitten by that dog.
Target: Saa ɔkraman no kaa ɔbarima a ɔde nkrataa mena no koma.

Source: Il a nié avoir accepté le pot-de-vin.
Pivot: He denied accepting the bribe.
Target: Ogyee adanmude no, wannye.

Source: Quelle est votre chanson préférée des beatles?
Pivot: What's your favorite song about beatles?
Target: Dɛn ne nnwom a w'ani gye ho paa wɔ ɔhwe ho?

Source: En 1964, le révérend king a remporté le prix nobel de la paix.
Pivot: In 1964, reverend king won the nobel prize for peace.
Target: Wɔ afe 1964 mu no, ɔhene a ne ho akokwaw yiye no dii nkonim wɔ asomdwoe akyɛde a wɔfrɛ nobel no mu.

Source: C'est très amusant d'être avec vous.
Pivot: It's very fun to be with you.
Target: Ɛyɛ anigye paa sɛ wo ne wo bɛbɔ.

Source: La femme de kwabena est enseignante.
Pivot: Kwabena's wife is a teacher.
Target: Kwabena yere yɛ ɔkyerɛkyerɛfo.

Source: Les ingénieurs ont fait sauter le pont car il était sur le point de s'effondrer.
Pivot: The engineers blew up the bridge because it was about to collapsed.
Target: Esiane sɛ na ɛrekɔ fam nti, mfiridwuma ho animdefo no bɔ wuraa twene no so.

Source: Il y a une église de l'autre côté de la rue.
Pivot: There is a church on the other side of the street.
Target: Asɔre bi wɔ kwan no fã foforo.

Source: Les parents disent à leurs enfants qu'il est mal de mentir.
Pivot: Parents tell their children that it is wrong to tell lies.
Target: Awofo ka kyerɛ wɔn mma sɛ ɛyɛ mfomso sɛ wobedi atoro.

Source: Je n'aimerais pas le rencontrer dans un endroit sombre.
Pivot: I wouldn't like to meet him in a dark place.
Target: Mempɛ sɛ mehyia no wɔ sum mu.

Source: Ils ont du vin.
Pivot: They have wine.
Target: Wɔwɔ nsã.

Source: Nous ne faisons pas confiance au gouvernement.
Pivot: We don't trust the government.
Target: Yenni aban no mu ahotoso.

Source: Je lui ai demandé où je pouvais garer ma voiture.
Pivot: I asked him where i could park my car.
Target: Mibisaa no baabi a metumi de me kar asi.

Source: Je vais bien.
Pivot: I'm fit.
Target: Me ho yɛ.

Source: Je te prêterai ce livre.
Pivot: I'll lend you that book.
Target: Mede saa nhoma no bɛma wo.

Source: S'il vous plaît, enseignez-moi le français.
Pivot: Please teach me french.
Target: Mesrɛ wo, kyerɛ me franse kasa.

Source: Je vais te dire un secret.
Pivot: I'll tell you a secret.
Target: Mɛka ahintasɛm bi akyerɛ wo.

Source: Celui qui est à la porte, veuillez lui demander d'attendre.
Pivot: Who is at the door, please ask him to wait.
Target: Yɛsrɛ wo, bisa no sɛ.

Source: Kwabena l'a fait tout seul.
Pivot: Kwabena did it by himself.
Target: Kwabena nkutoo na ɔyɛɛ saa.

Source: Ils ont décidé de ne pas venir.
Pivot: They decided not to come.
Target: Wosii gyinae sɛ wɔremma.

Source: Je ne te laisserai plus jamais seul.
Pivot: I'll never leave you alone again.
Target: Merennyaw wo nkutoo bio da.

Source: Cette paire de pinces est bien pratique
Pivot: This pair of pliers is convenient.
Target: Ɛfata sɛ wode afiri a wɔde kum ɔyare mmoawa yi di dwuma.

Source: Qu'ont-ils fait aujourd'hui?
Pivot: What have they done today?
Target: Dɛn na wɔayɛ nnɛ?

Source: Ils ont marché.
Pivot: They walked.
Target: Wɔnantew kɔe.

Source: Appiah n'arrive pas à trover la maison d'abena
Pivot: Appiah can't get over abena's house.
Target: Appiah ntumi nni abena fie so nkonim.

Source: D’accord, donnez-moi 6 cedis.
Pivot: Okay, give me six cedis
Target: Ma me ceris baasia

Source: Je suis allé au marché.
Pivot: I went to the market.
Target: Mekɔɔ gua so.

Source: Il a commencé la journée par un bon petit déjeuner.
Pivot: He started the day with a good breakfast.
Target: Ɔde aduan pa fii da no ase.

Source: En apprenant la mauvaise nouvelle, elle éclata en sanglots.
Pivot: Learning the bad news, she came out in stings.
Target: Bere a osuaa asɛmmɔne no, ɔde abufuw bae.

Source: J'ai un ranch.
Pivot: I have a ranch.
Target: Mewɔ bi.

Source: J'étais l'homme le plus heureux de la terre.
Pivot: I was the happier man on earth.
Target: Ná me ne ɔbarima a ɔwɔ anigye sen biara wɔ asase so.

Source: L'homme a mis le pistolet contre son front et a appuyé sur la gâchette.
Pivot: The man put the pistol against his brow and pressed the trigger.
Target: Ɔbarima no de tuo no too ne ba no so, na ɔhyɛɛ nea ɔde bae no so.

Source: Est-ce que tout le monde a besoin de savoir ça?
Pivot: Does everybody need to know that?
Target: So ehia sɛ obiara hu ɛno?

Source: Asamoah dresse son chien.
Pivot: Asamoah is standing his dog.
Target: Asamoah gyina ne kraman no nkyɛn.

Source: J'ai mal à la tête.
Pivot: My head hurts.
Target: Me ti pae me.

Source: Mon père m'a aidé à faire mon devoir.
Pivot: My father helped me do my duty.
Target: Me papa boaa me ma meyɛɛ m'adwuma.

Source: Kwaku ne veut pas s'impliquer.
Pivot: Kwaku doesn't want to get involved.
Target: Kwaku mpɛ sɛ ɔde ne ho hyem.

Source: Abena est une belle femme.
Pivot: Abena is a beautiful woman.
Target: Abena yɛ ɔbea hoɔfɛfo.

Source: Kwaku veut faire du shopping avec abena.
Pivot: Kwaku wants to go shopping with abena.
Target: Kwaku pɛ sɛ ɔne abena kɔ gua so.

Source: Il n'a jamais cessé d'écrire.
Pivot: He has never stopped writing.
Target: Onnyae akyerɛw da.

Source: Il est au collège.
Pivot: He is in junior high.
Target: Ɔwɔ soro kakra.

Source: Quelles sont les heures de bureau?
Pivot: What are desk hours?
Target: Dɛn ne ɔpon ho dɔn?

Source: La vie commence lorsque nous réalisons qui nous sommes vraiment.
Pivot: Life begins when we realize who we really are.
Target: Sɛ yehu nnipa ko a yɛyɛ ankasa a, efi ase.

Source: Allez-vous courir tous les jours?
Pivot: Are you going to run every day?
Target: So wubetumi atu mmirika da biara da?

Source: Donnez-moi un moment.
Pivot: Give me a moment.
Target: Ma me kakra.

Source: Je l'ai vu en premier.
Pivot: I saw him first.
Target: Mihuu no kan.

Source: Laisse moi tranquille s'il te plait.
Pivot: Please leave me alone.
Target: Mesrɛ wo, gyae me nkutoo.

Source: Kwabena en a assez.
Pivot: Kwabena has had enough.
Target: Kwabena anya nea ɛbɛso no.

Source: Asamoah a étalé de la confiture de fraises sur le pain.
Pivot: Asamoah spread strawberry jam on the bread.
Target: Bere a asamoah de aduaba kataa paanoo no so no, ɔtoo paanoo no mu.

Source: Chantons une chanson.
Pivot: Let's sing a song.
Target: Ma yɛnto dwom.

Source: Voilà votre dernière occasion de passer du temps avec asamoah.
Pivot: This is your last chance to spend time with asamoah.
Target: Eyi ne hokwan a etwa to a wowɔ sɛ wubegye bere ama asamoah.

Source: J'ai tellement de vêtements que je ne sais pas quelle tenue porter demain.
Pivot: I have so many clothes that i don't know what outfit to wear tomorrow.
Target: Mewɔ ntade pii araa ma minnim atade a ɛsɛ sɛ mɛhyɛ ɔkyena.

Source: C'est entre toi et moi.
Pivot: That's between you and me.
Target: Ɛno da wo ne me ntam.

Source: Elle va avoir un bébé ce mois-ci.
Pivot: She is going to have a baby this month.
Target: Wɔ ɔsram yi mu no, ɔbɛwo ba.

Source: Nous jouerons au football après l'école.
Pivot: We'll play soccer after school.
Target: Sɛ yɛkɔ sukuu a, yɛbɔ bɔɔl.

Source: C'est une bonne idée.
Pivot: That sounds like a good idea.
Target: Ɛno yɛ adwenkyerɛ a ɛfata.

Source: Je pense qu'il est temps pour moi de m'excuser auprès d'elle.
Pivot: I think it's time for me to apologize to her.
Target: Misusuw sɛ bere aso sɛ mepa no kyɛw.

Source: Je ne veux pas manquer de respect.
Pivot: I don't want to lose respect.
Target: Mempɛ sɛ m'abam bu.

Source: Je pensais qu'asamoah serait content de voir esi.
Pivot: I thought asamoah would be happy to see esi.
Target: Ná m'adwene yɛ me sɛ, sɛ mihu esi a, asamoah ani begye paa.

Source: Je devine que je suis devenu paresseux.
Pivot: I guess i've become lazy.
Target: Misusuw sɛ mayɛ anihaw.

Source: Ce restaurant n'accepte que les espèces.
Pivot: This restaurant only accept cash.
Target: Saa adidibea yi gye sika kɛkɛ.

Source: Un ordinateur est une nécessité absolue maintenant.
Pivot: A computer is an absolute necessity now.
Target: Kɔmputa ho hia sen biribiara nnɛ.

Source: J'ai besoin de kwaku.
Pivot: I need kwaku.
Target: Mehia kwaku

Source: J'ai fini mes devoirs.
Pivot: I have finished my homework.
Target: Mawie sukuu dwumadi a meyɛ no awie.

Source: Asamoah tient un truc dans sa main droite.
Pivot: Asamoah has something in his right hand.
Target: Asamoah wɔ biribi wɔ ne nsa nifa mu.

Source: Ces derniers temps, de plus en plus de gens préfèrent la vie à la campagne aux villes.
Pivot: Recently, more and more people are choosing country life over cities.
Target: Nnansa yi, nnipa pii repaw ɔman asetra wɔ nkuropɔn mu.

Source: Faire mijoter le beurre et l'ail dans une petite casserole.
Pivot: Sew the butter and the garlic in a small pot.
Target: Yi nam no ne nkate no gu toa ketewa bi mu.

Source: Asamoah ne savait pas avec certitude combien coûterait le nouvel ordinateur.
Pivot: Asamoah didn't know for sure how much the new computer would cost.
Target: Esiane sɛ na asamoah nnim sɛnea kɔmputa foforo no bo bɛyɛ den nti, na onnim ɔkwan biara so.

Source: Parlez-moi un peu de vous.
Pivot: Tell me a little about you.
Target: Ka wo ho asɛm kakra kyerɛ me.

Source: Nous n'avons pas de temps.
Pivot: We have no time.
Target: Bere nni hɔ.

Source: Tu dois nettoyer ta chambre.
Pivot: You need to clean your room.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ wusiesie wo dan mu hɔ.

Source: Je peux avoir de l'eau?
Pivot: Can i have some water
Target: Metumi anya nsuo

Source: Il a été fait à la main.
Pivot: It was handmade.
Target: Wɔde ne nsa na ɛyɛɛ adwuma.

Source: Asamoah est reposé.
Pivot: Asamoah rested.
Target: Asamoah gyee n'ahome.

Source: Je ne parle presque plus français de nos jours.
Pivot: I can't speak french anymore nowadays.
Target: Nnansa yi mintumi nka franse kasa bio.

Source: J'allais pêcher avec mon père quand j'étais enfant.
Pivot: I went fishing with my father when i was a child.
Target: Me ne me papa kɔɔ mpataayi bere a na meyɛ abofra no.

Source: Nan
Pivot: Asamoah got blamed even though it wasn't his fault.
Target: Ɛwom mpo sɛ na ɛnyɛ asamoah mfomso de, nanso ofii ase de asodi no too no so.

Source: L'homme a volé son sac.
Pivot: The man stole his bag.
Target: Ɔbarima no awia ne bag.

Source: Asamoah n'est pas mon père.
Pivot: Asamoah isn't my father.
Target: Asamoah nyɛ me papa.

Source: J'ai mon passeport.
Pivot: I have my passport.
Target: Mewɔ me akwantu tumi krataa.

Source: S'il n'accepte pas le poste, quelqu'un d'autre le fera.
Pivot: If he does not accept the position, someone else will.
Target: Sɛ ogye gyinabea no tom a, obi foforo begye atom.

Source: Envisagez-vous sérieusement de poursuivre une carrière de pilote de course?
Pivot: Are you seriously thinking about pursuing a career as a race car driver?
Target: So woresusuw ho anibere so sɛ wobɛyɛ adwuma sɛ ofirikafo a ɔka kar?

Source: Cookie est le plus mignon de tous les chiens.
Pivot: Cookie is the cutest of all dogs.
Target: Nkraman nyinaa mu hena na ɔtwitwa aduan ma wɔn paa.

Source: Vous ne voulez pas savoir quel bon vent m'amène ici?
Pivot: Don't you want to know what kind of wind i'm brought here?
Target: So wompɛ sɛ wuhu mframa ko a mede reba ha no?

Source: Combien de temps avez-vous l'intention de rester ici au brésil?
Pivot: How long do you plan to stay here in brazil?
Target: Woyɛɛ w'adwene sɛ wobɛtra braz ha akosi bere bɛn?

Source: Bonjour.
Pivot: Good morning
Target: Mema wo akye

Source: 2539 est un nombre premier.
Pivot: 2539 is a first number.
Target: Nea edi kan ne nea ɛto so abien no.

Source: Personne n'est à la maison.
Pivot: No one's at home.
Target: Obiara nni fie hɔ.

Source: Nous devons prendre des risques.
Pivot: We have to take risks.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ yɛde yɛn ho to asiane mu.

Source: Ce petit livre m'appartient.
Pivot: This little book is mine.
Target: Nhoma ketewa yi yɛ me dea.

Source: Qu'est-ce que tu écris?
Pivot: What are you writing?
Target: Dɛn na worekyerɛw yi?

Source: Aimez-vous danser?
Pivot: Do you like to dance?
Target: So wopɛ asaw?

Source: Vous feriez mieux d'être prêt au cas où il viendrait.
Pivot: You'd better be ready in case he comes.
Target: Sɛ ɔba a, eye sɛ wobɛyɛ krado.

Source: Savez-vous pourquoi asamoah a disparu?
Pivot: Do you know why asamoah vanished?
Target: Wunim nea enti a asamoah yerae no?

Source: Nous sommes satisfaits.
Pivot: We are satisfied.
Target: Yɛn koma tɔ yɛn yam.

Source: Il faut que ça s'arrête.
Pivot: It has to stop.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ ogyae.

Source: L'ennemi a largué des bombes sur l'usine.
Pivot: The enemy dropped bombs on the factory.
Target: Atamfo no tow atopae guu adwinnan no so.

Source: Il ne semble pas être américain.
Pivot: He doesn't seem to be american.
Target: Ɛte sɛ nea ɔnyɛ ameriani.

Source: L'avion sur lequel se trouvait kwabena s'est écrasé.
Pivot: The plane on which kwabena was standing crashed.
Target: Wimhyɛn a na kwabena gyina so no tui.

Source: Asamoah voulait le faire cet après-midi, mais je l'ai supplié de ne pas le faire.
Pivot: Asamoah wanted to do it this afternoon, but i begged him not to.
Target: Asamoah pɛe sɛ ɔyɛ saa awia yi, nanso mesrɛɛ no sɛ ɛnsɛ sɛ ɔyɛ saa.

Source: Si je me souviens bien, c'est la chanson que kwabena a chantée au mariage d'abena.
Pivot: If i remember correctly, this is the song kwabena sung at abena's wedding.
Target: Sɛ mekae no yiye a, na eyi ne dwom a kwabena too wɔ abena ayeforohyia ase no.

Source: Il n' y a aucune autre montagne au japon plus haute que le mont fuji.
Pivot: There is no other mountain in japan taller than mt. fuji.
Target: Bepɔw biara nni japan bepɔw so sen me.ji

Source: Mangez plus de légumes frais.
Pivot: Eat more fresh vegetables.
Target: Di atosode foforo pii.

Source: Encore quelques minutes et je serai prêt.
Pivot: Just a few more minutes and i'll be ready.
Target: Mede simma kakraa bi bɛyɛ krado, na mayɛ krado nso.

Source: J'ai un billet aller-retour pour osaka.
Pivot: I have a return ticket to osaka.
Target: Mewɔ tekiti a mede bɛkɔ osaka.

Source: Ne le laissez pas regarder ce film.
Pivot: Don't let him watch that movie.
Target: Mma no nhwɛ saa sini no.

Source: J'aime l'astronomie.
Pivot: I like astronomy.
Target: M'ani gye nsoromma ho.

Source: J'ai fini mes devoirs.
Pivot: I have finished my homework.
Target: Mawie sukuu dwumadi a meyɛ no awie.

Source: J'ai hâte de te voir.
Pivot: I'm looking forward to seeing you.
Target: M'ani da so sɛ mehu wo.

Source: Y a-t-il encore des sièges vides?
Pivot: Are there still empty seats?
Target: So nkongua a hwee nni hɔ da so ara wɔ hɔ?

Source: Tu n'es pas obligé d'en parler si tu ne veux pas.
Pivot: You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to.
Target: Sɛ wompɛ a, ɛho nhia sɛ woka ho asɛm.

Source: Nous nous vengeons.
Pivot: We are avenging each other.
Target: Yɛn mu biara ho dwiriw no.

Source: Je ne voudrais jamais être à ta place.
Pivot: I never would've liked to be in your place.
Target: Anka merempɛ sɛ mɛba w'ananmu da.

Source: Appiah peut chanter quelques chansons françaises.
Pivot: Appiah can sing some french songs.
Target: Appiah betumi ato franse nnwom bi.

Source: Il a bien maîtrisé la langue française.
Pivot: He has mastered the french language well.
Target: Wahu franse kasa no yiye.

Source: Peux tu conduire?
Pivot: Can you drive?
Target: So wubetumi aka kar?

Source: Sa parole l'a émue aux larmes.
Pivot: Her word moved her to tears.
Target: N'asɛm no maa nusu guu no.

Source: Asamoah est le plus grand de notre classe.
Pivot: Asamoah is the tallest in our class.
Target: Asamoah ware sen obiara wɔ adesuakuw yi mu

Source: Personne ne peut nous aider.
Pivot: No one can help us.
Target: Obiara ntumi mmoa yɛn.

Source: Même si mon ami était végétarien, je ne lui ai pas dit que la soupe contenait de la viande.
Pivot: Even though my friend was a vegetarian, i didn't tell him that the soup had meat.
Target: Ɛwom sɛ na m'adamfo no nni nam de, nanso na menka nkyerɛ no sɛ nkwan no wɔ nam.

Source: Réconforter! tout ira bien bientôt.
Pivot: Cheer up! it'll be fine soon.
Target: Ɛyɛ anigye sɛ ɛbɛba nnansa yi ara.

Source: Asamoah déteste de ne pas voir assez d'argent.
Pivot: Asamoah hates not seeing enough money.
Target: Sɛ́ asamoah no, ɔmpɛ sɛ ohu sika pii.

Source: Deux semaines de fortes pluies ont provoqué des inondations.
Pivot: Two weeks of heavy rain caused flooding.
Target: Adapɛn abien a osu kɛse tɔe no maa nsu tɔe.

Source: C'était exactement l'homme que nous recherchions.
Pivot: He was exactly the man we were looking for.
Target: Ɔno ara ne ɔbarima a na ɔrehwehwɛ no no.

Source: Je viens d'avoir des nouvelles.
Pivot: I've just heard from.
Target: Mahu nea ɛrekɔ so seesei ara.

Source: La nourriture était bonne à s'en lécher les doigts.
Pivot: The food was good at licking its fingers.
Target: Aduan no ye bere a na wɔafew ne nsa ano no.

Source: J'ai pensé que vous devriez lire ces documents.
Pivot: I thought you should read those documents.
Target: Ná misusuw sɛ ɛsɛ sɛ wokenkan saa nkrataa no.

Source: Le mauvais temps m'a empêché d'aller à la pêche.
Pivot: The bad weather prevented me from going fishing.
Target: Wim tebea a na enye no amma mantumi anyɛ mpataayi.

Source: Elle se tenait au milieu de la pièce.
Pivot: She stood in the middle of the room.
Target: Ná ogyina dan no mfinimfini.

Source: Je pense à lui tout le temps.
Pivot: I think about him all the time.
Target: Misusuw ne ho bere nyinaa.

Source: Un véritable ami m'aurait aidé.
Pivot: A genuine friend would have helped me.
Target: Anka adamfo pa bɛboa me.

Source: Je ne me souviens pas de tous leurs noms.
Pivot: I don't remember all their names.
Target: Menkae wɔn nyinaa din.

Source: Nous sommes jeunes.
Pivot: We're young.
Target: Yɛyɛ mmofra.

Source: Aidez-moi, s'il vous plaît.
Pivot: Please help me.
Target: Mesrɛ wo boa me.

Source: Je suis capable de conduire une voiture.
Pivot: I'm able to drive a car.
Target: Mitumi ka kar.

Source: Les nouveaux meubles sont arrivés aujourd'hui.
Pivot: The new furniture has arrived today.
Target: Ɛnnɛ, nkongua foforo no adu hɔ.

Source: S'il vous plait, lâchez-moi.
Pivot: Please drop me.
Target: Mesrɛ wo, gyae me.

Source: Kwabena a du mal à décider quoi porter à la fête.
Pivot: Kwabena has trouble choosing what to wear at the party.
Target: Ɛyɛ den ma kwabena sɛ obesi nea ɔbɛhyɛ wɔ apontow no ase ho gyinae.

Source: Nous sommes arrivés sain et sauf à boston.
Pivot: We arrived healthy and safe in boston.
Target: Yeduu boston a na yɛn ho ye na yɛwɔ ahobammɔ.

Source: Kwaku avait envie de pleurer.
Pivot: Kwaku felt like crying.
Target: Kwaku tee nka sɛ ɔresu.

Source: S'il vous plaît, laissez-moi aller chercher votre sœur à la gare.
Pivot: Please let me go get your sister at the station.
Target: Mesrɛ wo, ma menkɔ fa wo nuabea wɔ keteke gyinabea hɔ.

Source: Il n'est peut-être pas content.
Pivot: He may not be happy.
Target: Ebia n'ani rennye.

Source: Je suppose que ça va.
Pivot: I think it's ok.
Target: Misusuw sɛ eye.

Source: Notre maison est la vôtre.
Pivot: Our house is yours.
Target: Yɛn fie yɛ wo dea.

Source: C'est la seule chose qu'asamoah puisse faire.
Pivot: It's the only thing asamoah can do.
Target: Ɛno nkutoo ne ade a asamoah betumi ayɛ.

Source: Qu'y a-t-il au menu ce soir?
Pivot: What's on the menu tonight?
Target: Ɛde besi anadwo no, dɛn na ɛwɔ aduan no ho?

Source: Il ressemble beaucoup à son père.
Pivot: He takes after his father a great look.
Target: Odi n'agya akyi yiye.

Source: Dites-le en français.
Pivot: Say it in french.
Target: Ka ho asɛm wɔ franse kasa mu.

Source: Tout le monde va bien.
Pivot: Everyone's ok.
Target: Obiara ani gye ho.

Source: Mon frère peut courir très vite.
Pivot: My brother can run very fast.
Target: Me nuabarima no betumi atu mmirika ahoɔhare so.

Source: Ne faites pas du bruit quand vous mangez
Pivot: Don't make any noise when you eat.
Target: Sɛ wudi aduan a, nyɛ dede biara.

Source: Pokua se marie demain.
Pivot: Pokua is getting married tomorrow.
Target: ▁wentkua aware ɔkyena.

Source: C'est beau.
Pivot: This is beautiful
Target: Eyi yɛ fɛ

Source: Je fais encore des erreurs.
Pivot: I'm still making mistakes.
Target: Meda so ara di mfomso.

Source: Bien sûr, elle parle l'anglais.
Pivot: Of course, she speaks english.
Target: Nokwarem no, ɔka engiresi kasa.

Source: Cette corde est solide, n'est-ce pas?
Pivot: That rope is sturdy, isn't it?
Target: Saa hama no mu yɛ den, ɛnte saa anaa?

Source: Pouvez-vous répéter cela, s'il vous plaît?
Pivot: Can you repeat that, please?
Target: Mesrɛ wo, wubetumi aka ho asɛm bio?

Source: Nous resterons en contact.
Pivot: We'll stay in touch.
Target: Yɛbɛkɔ so ne wɔn adi nkitaho.

Source: Vous gaspillez votre temps.
Pivot: You are wasting your time.
Target: Wo resɛe wo bere.

Source: Avez-vous un travail à temps partiel?
Pivot: Do you have a part-time job?
Target: So wowɔ adwuma bi yɛ?

Source: Asamoah a-t-il fait cela?
Pivot: Did asamoah do it?
Target: So na asamoah yɛ saa?

Source: Ce film mérite d'être vu plusieurs fois.
Pivot: This movie deserves to be seen many times.
Target: Ɛfata sɛ yehu saa sini yi mpɛn pii.

Source: Je lui ai montré du doigt
Pivot: I pointed at him.
Target: Mede me nsa kyerɛɛ no so.

Source: Je sais ce que je vais faire.
Pivot: I know what i will do.
Target: Minim nea mɛyɛ.

Source: Les équipes arrivent sur le terrain.
Pivot: The teams are arriving in the field.
Target: Kuw no reba afuw no mu.

Source: À quand remonte la dernière fois que vous avez chassé?
Pivot: When was the last time you hunted?
Target: Bere bɛn na etwa to koraa a wɔkyeree wo?

Source: Les ciseaux ne sont pas tranchants.
Pivot: The scissors are not sharp.
Target: Cerman no ano nyɛ nnam.

Source: Ce café est trop amer.
Pivot: This coffee is too bitter.
Target: Saa kɔfe yi yɛ yaw dodo.

Source: Levez la main
Pivot: Raise your hand
Target: Ma wo nsa so

Source: Ce qu'ils ont fait était mal.
Pivot: What they did was wrong.
Target: Nea wɔyɛɛ no yɛ mfomso.

Source: Máire a épousé le gagnant du premier prix.
Pivot: Máire married the first prizewinner.
Target: Máire waree nkonim bofo a odi kan no.

Source: Je ne supporte plus ses insultes.
Pivot: I can't stand his insults anymore.
Target: Mintumi nnyina ne yaw no ano bio.

Source: Je me souviens que ma mère m'enseignait l'alphabet.
Pivot: I remember that my mother was teaching me the alphabet.
Target: Mekae sɛ na me maame na ɔrekyerɛkyerɛ me nkyerɛwde no.

Source: Il a été forcé de retourner à washington.
Pivot: He was forced to return to washington.
Target: Wɔhyɛɛ no ma ɔsan kɔɔ baabi a wɔhoro nneɛma.

Source: Je t'aime.
Pivot: I love you.
Target: Me dɔ wo.

Source: Yaw est un homme mauvais.
Pivot: Yaw is an evil man.
Target: Yaw yɛ ɔbɔnefo.

Source: Savoir est une chose, enseigner en est une autre.
Pivot: Knowing is one thing, teaching is another.
Target: Ade biako ne sɛ, nkyerɛkyerɛ yɛ ade foforo.

Source: Asamoah se demandait qui a appris abena le le français.
Pivot: Asamoah wondered who learned abena french.
Target: Ná asamoah ntumi nhu onii ko a osuaa abena franse kasa no.

Source: Elle lui a acheté un appareil photo.
Pivot: She bought a camera for him.
Target: Ɔtɔɔ afiri bi maa no.

Source: Il y a un problème.
Pivot: There's something wrong.
Target: Biribi atoto.

Source: Trente-cinq degrés centigrades équivaut à quatre-vingt-quinze degrés fahrenheit.
Pivot: Thirty-five degrees centigrades is equal to ninety-five degrees fahrenheit.
Target: Sp- c c c c c c c c c c-rira sakre no te sɛ cf dheit a ano yɛ den no ara pɛ.

Source: Kwabena l'a fait sans raison particulière.
Pivot: Kwabena did it for no particular reason.
Target: Kwabena yɛɛ saa kwa esiane biribi titiriw bi nti.

Source: Il a raconté à son fils une histoire intéressante.
Pivot: He told his son an interesting story.
Target: Ɔkaa anigyesɛm bi kyerɛɛ ne ba no.

Source: Je dois gagner.
Pivot: I have to win.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ midi nkonim.

Source: Mon passe-temps est la collecte d'insectes.
Pivot: My hobby is collecting insects.
Target: Nneɛma a mede gyigye m'ani no regye m'ani.

Source: Kwabena utilise l'internet pour apprendre l'espagnol.
Pivot: Kwabena is using the internet to learn spanish.
Target: Kwabena de nsudua no redi dwuma de asua spania.

Source: Un membre d'un groupe d'autodéfense enfreint la loi et prend les choses en main.
Pivot: A member of a self-defense group is breaking the law and taking matters into their own hands.
Target: Kuw bi a wɔn bo afuw bu mmara so na wɔn ankasa di nneɛma ho dwuma.

Source: Asamoah dort-il encore?
Pivot: Is asamoah still sleeping?
Target: So asamoah da so ara da?

Source: Asamoah a nommé son bateau comme le prénom de sa petite copine, mais elle l'a ensuite quitté.
Pivot: Asamoah named his boat his girlfriend's name, but then she left him.
Target: Asamoah too ne hyɛmma no din, nanso ogyaw no hɔ.

Source: Qu'avez-vous bu?
Pivot: What did you drink?
Target: Dɛn na wonom?

Source: L'espagne est un pays européen.
Pivot: Spain is a european country.
Target: Sbena yɛ europa man.

Source: Je lui ai donné des conseils utiles.
Pivot: I gave him useful advice.
Target: Mede afotu a mfaso wɔ so maa no.

Source: J'adore traîner avec vous les gars.
Pivot: I love hanging out with you guys.
Target: M'ani gye ho sɛ me ne mo bɛbɔ nkɔmmɔ.

Source: Nous sommes à la maison.
Pivot: We're in the house.
Target: Yɛwɔ fie hɔ.

Source: Asamoah n'a pas pris beaucoup de photos pendant son voyage.
Pivot: Asamoah didn't take much photos on his trip.
Target: Asamoah amfa mfonini pii amma wɔ n'akwantu no mu.

Source: Nous quittons le japon demain matin.
Pivot: We leave japan tomorrow morning.
Target: Yefi japan ɔkyena anɔpa.

Source: Maman prépare le dîner.
Pivot: Mother is cooking dinner.
Target: Ná maame noa aduan.

Source: J'espère que les choses se passeront bien pour vous.
Pivot: I hope things go well with you.
Target: Mewɔ anidaso sɛ nneɛma bɛkɔ yiye ama wo.

Source: Seuls quelques élèves ont compris le sujet.
Pivot: Only a few students understood the subject.
Target: Adesuafo kakraa bi pɛ na wɔte asɛm no ase.

Source: Les courses de vtt ont fait leur chemin auprès des jeunes japonais ces dernières années.
Pivot: Vtt races have come their way with japanese young people in recent years.
Target: Japanfo mmerante ne mmabaa a wɔwɔ japan no ne mmusua a mmanoma wom aba nnansa yi mfe mu.

Source: Que faites-vous dans la vie?
Pivot: What are you doing in life?
Target: Dɛn na woreyɛ wɔ asetra mu?

Source: Les documents dont vous demandez sont les suivants.
Pivot: The documents you're asking for are as follows.
Target: Nkrataa a wubisa no yɛ nea edi so yi ara.

Source: Je sais que c'est difficile.
Pivot: I know this is hard.
Target: Minim sɛ eyi yɛ den.

Source: Nous devrions confirmer ses intentions une fois de plus.
Pivot: We should confirm his intentions once more.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ yesi ne botae no so dua bio.

Source: Je n'ai rien à faire.
Pivot: I have nothing to do.
Target: Mintumi nyɛ ho hwee.

Source: Combien de jours allez-vous rester à boston?
Pivot: How many days are you going to stay in boston?
Target: Nna dodow ahe na wobɛtra boston?

Source: Asamoah n'a pas eu le temps de tout expliquer à esi.
Pivot: Asamoah didn't have time to explain everything to esi.
Target: Asamoah nni bere a ɔde bɛkyerɛkyerɛ biribiara mu akyerɛ esi.

Source: Ce n'était pas vraiment un très bon plan.
Pivot: That wasn't much of a good plan.
Target: Ná ɛno nyɛ nhyehyɛe pa pii.

Source: J'admire votre courage.
Pivot: I admire your courage.
Target: M'ani gye wo akokoduru no ho.

Source: Les étudiants s'inclinent devant leur professeur.
Pivot: The students bow to their teacher.
Target: Adesuafo no kotow wɔn kyerɛkyerɛfo no.

Source: Elle s'est piquée avec une aiguille en brodant.
Pivot: She tricked herself with a needle while embroidering.
Target: Bere a na ɔrehyehyɛ aduru no, ɔde aduru bi kyinkyim ne ho.

Source: Ces perles semblent réelles.
Pivot: These pearls seem real.
Target: Ɛte sɛ nea saa nhene pa yi wɔ hɔ ankasa.

Source: J'y suis allé cinq minutes.
Pivot: I went there for five minutes.
Target: Mede simma anum kɔɔ hɔ.

Source: Il paraît que j'ai un léger rhume.
Pivot: I hear i have a slight cold.
Target: Mete sɛ awɔw kakra atɔ me so.

Source: Je t'aime comme tu es.
Pivot: I love you the way you are.
Target: Medɔ wo sɛnea wo te no.

Source: Il a regretté de ne pas avoir suivi mon conseil.
Pivot: He regretted not taking my advice.
Target: Ɛyɛɛ no yaw sɛ wamfa m'afotu no anyɛ adwuma.

Source: Elle a perdu son chemin.
Pivot: She lost her way.
Target: Ne kwan fii ne nsa.

Source: Asamoah est lobbyiste.
Pivot: Asamoah is a lobbyist.
Target: Asamoah yɛ obi a ɔhwɛ ahɔhoɔ so

Source: Ce sont des traîtres.
Pivot: They're traitors.
Target: Wɔyɛ ɔfatwafo.

Source: J'ai appris à jouer du violon tout seul.
Pivot: I learned to play the violin by myself.
Target: M'ankasa misuaa sɛnea mebɔɔ sanku.

Source: Je ne vais jamais me marier.
Pivot: I'm never going to get married.
Target: Meremfa me ho nhyɛ aware mu da.

Source: Nous devons aider.
Pivot: We must help.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ yɛboa.

Source: Il fait bon usage de ses talents.
Pivot: He makes good use of his talent.
Target: Ɔde ne dom akyɛde no di dwuma yiye.

Source: J'ai la sensation de faim.
Pivot: I feel hungry.
Target: Mete nka sɛ ɔkɔm de me.

Source: J'ai trouvé que kwabena était remarquable.
Pivot: I found kwabena remarkable.
Target: Mihuu kwabena sɛ ɔyɛ soronko.

Source: Kwaku ne veut pas y aller.
Pivot: Kwaku doesn't want to go.
Target: Kwaku mpɛ sɛ ɔkɔ

Source: Le garçon a dit qu'un loup viendrait.
Pivot: The boy said a wolf would come.
Target: Abarimaa no kae sɛ mpataku bi bɛba.

Source: Ils sont considérés comme le plus grand groupe de rock de l'histoire.
Pivot: They're considered the greatest rock band in history.
Target: Wobu wɔn sɛ nnwontofo kuw a ɛso sen biara wɔ abakɔsɛm mu.

Source: Asamoah peut très bien jouer du piano à l'oreille.
Pivot: Asamoah can play the piano very well in his ear.
Target: Asamoah betumi abɔ adakabɛn no yiye wɔ n'asom.

Source: Vous avez passé combien de temps ici?
Pivot: How long did you spend here?
Target: Wotraa ha bere tenten bɛn?

Source: Je suis toujours fatigué.
Pivot: I'm always tired.
Target: Mabrɛ bere nyinaa.

Source: Il faut vraiment arrêter de fumer.
Pivot: You really must quit smoking.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ ogyae sigaretnom ankasa.

Source: Ils ont refusé de libérer les otages.
Pivot: They refused to free the hostages.
Target: Wɔampɛ sɛ wɔn a wɔkyeree wɔn siei no nya ahofadi.

Source: J'ai beaucoup de livres dans ma chambre.
Pivot: I have a lot of books in my room.
Target: Mewɔ nhoma pii wɔ me dan mu.

Source: J'ai eu du mal à résoudre ce problème.
Pivot: I found it difficult to solve this problem.
Target: Ná ɛyɛ den ma me sɛ medi ɔhaw yi ho dwuma.

Source: Il était en colère.
Pivot: He was angry.
Target: Ne bo fuwii.

Source: Il s'est déguisé en femme.
Pivot: He disguised himself as a woman.
Target: Ɔyɛɛ ne ho sɛ ɔbea.

Source: Kwabena a insulté abena.
Pivot: Kwabena insulted abena.
Target: Kwabena didii abena atɛm.

Source: A quelle heure est le couvre-feu?
Pivot: What time is the curfew?
Target: Bere bɛn na wɔde yɛ adwuma bere ano?

Source: Quelle est la longueur de ce tissu?
Pivot: How long is that cloth?
Target: Saa ntama no wɔ he?

Source: J'ai aimé la troisième chanson que tu as chantée hier soir.
Pivot: I liked the third song you sung last night.
Target: M'ani gyee dwom a ɛto so abiɛsa a wotoo no anadwo a etwaam no ho.

Source: Kwabena est calme.
Pivot: Kwabena is quiet.
Target: Kwabena yɛ komm

Source: Il semble que votre chien ait soif.
Pivot: It seems like your dog is thirsty.
Target: Ɛte sɛ nea sukɔm de wo kraman no.

Source: Yaw est resté éveillé presque toute la nuit en pensant à adwoa.
Pivot: Yaw stayed up almost all the night thinking about adwoa.
Target: Ɛkame ayɛ sɛ yaw kɔɔ so susuw abena ho anadwo mũ nyinaa.

Source: Vous pouvez prendre congé aujourd'hui.
Pivot: You may take leave today.
Target: Wubetumi afi hɔ nnɛ.

Source: Le professeur a écrit son nom sur le tableu
Pivot: The teacher wrote his name on the table.
Target: Ɔkyerɛkyerɛfo no kyerɛw ne din guu ɔpon no so.

Source: Nan
Pivot: Asamoah got blamed even though it wasn't his fault.
Target: Ɛwom mpo sɛ na ɛnyɛ asamoah mfomso de, nanso ofii ase de asodi no too no so.

Source: Je ne sais rien d'elle.
Pivot: I know nothing about her.
Target: Minnim ne ho hwee.

Source: Qui a conçu la maison blanche?
Pivot: Who designed the white house?
Target: Hena na ɔyɛɛ ofie fitaa no?

Source: Certains d'entre eux se sont suicidés.
Pivot: Some of them killed themselves.
Target: Wɔn mu binom kum wɔn ho.

Source: J'ai besoin de te parler.
Pivot: I need to talk to you.
Target: Ehia sɛ me ne wo kasa.

Source: Soit tout, soit aucun!
Pivot: Either everything or none!
Target: Biribiara anaa dabi!

Source: Asamoah cherche du travail.
Pivot: Asamoah is looking for a job.
Target: Sɛ́ asamoah no, na ɔrehwehwɛ adwuma.

Source: Je ne sais pas ce qui l'a causé.
Pivot: I don't know what caused it.
Target: Minnim nea ɛmaa ɛte saa.

Source: Asamoah est mon associé.
Pivot: Asamoah is my partner.
Target: Asamoah yɛ me hokafo.

Source: Je déteste les rats.
Pivot: I hate rats.
Target: Metan wɔn a wɔn asɛm yɛ mmɔbɔ no.

Source: Comment vais-je me débrouiller sans toi?
Pivot: How will i manage without you?
Target: Sɛ wunni hɔ a, mɛyɛ dɛn atumi ayɛ adwuma no?

Source: Nous avons dormi dans la même chambre.
Pivot: We slept in the same room.
Target: Ná yɛda dan koro mu wɔ dan koro mu.

Source: Il me semble qu'asamoah essaie de ralentir les négociations.
Pivot: It seems to me that asamoah is trying to slow down the talks.
Target: Ɛte sɛ nea me fam no, sɛ́ asamoah no, ɔrebɔ mmɔden sɛ obefi ɔkasa no ase ntɛm.

Source: Il a répondu qu'il savait nager
Pivot: He replied that he knew how to swim.
Target: Obuae sɛ onim sɛnea woguare.

Source: Bob est monté dans sa voiture.
Pivot: Bob got into his car.
Target: Hutter duu ne kar mu.

Source: Je veux te dire un truc important.
Pivot: I want to tell you something important.
Target: Mepɛ sɛ meka biribi a ɛho hia kyerɛ wo.

Source: C'est vraiment une très bonne histoire.
Pivot: It really is a very good story.
Target: Ɛyɛ asɛmpa ankasa.

Source: Asamoah et abena passent beaucoup de temps ensemble.
Pivot: Asamoah and abena spend a lot of time together.
Target: Sɛ́ asamoah ne abena no, wɔde bere pii tra bom.

Source: Je veux que tu reviennes avec moi.
Pivot: I want you to come back with me.
Target: Mepɛ sɛ wo ne me san ba bio.

Source: Nous sommes heureux de vous avoir dans notre classe.
Pivot: We are happy to have you in our classroom.
Target: Yɛn ani agye sɛ yɛanya wo wɔ sukuu dan mu.

Source: Asamoah a divisé le gâteau en trois parts égales.
Pivot: Asamoah split the cake into three equal parts.
Target: Bere a asamoah kyekyɛ keeki no mu abiɛsa no, na ɛsono obiara ne ne de.

Source: Je n'arrive pas à la sortir de mon esprit.
Pivot: I can't get her out of my mind.
Target: Mintumi mfi m'adwene mu nyɛ no hwee

Source: Trouvez une bouteille vide et remplissez-la d'eau.
Pivot: Find an empty bottle and fill it with water.
Target: Hwehwɛ toa bi a hwee nnim mu na fa nsu hyɛ mu ma.

Source: Il a attendu des heures.
Pivot: He waited for hours.
Target: Ɔde nnɔnhwerew pii twɛnee.

Source: Peut-être qu'elle ne se souvient pas de mon anniversaire.
Pivot: Maybe she doesn't remember my birthday.
Target: Ebia ɔnkae m'awoda.

Source: Kwaku jouait dans le jardin.
Pivot: Kwaku used to play in the backyard.
Target: Ná kwaku taa di agoru wɔ amusiei hɔ.

Source: As-tu faim?
Pivot: Are you hungry?
Target: Ɔkɔm de wo anaa?

Source: Mon frère et moi avons partagé la chambre.
Pivot: My brother and i shared the room.
Target: Me ne me nuabarima no nyinaa traa dan no mu bi.

Source: Je suis vieux.
Pivot: I'm old.
Target: Mabɔ akora

Source: Chaque fois que je vois cette photo, je me souviens de mon père.
Pivot: Whenever i see this picture, i remember my father.
Target: Bere biara a mehu saa mfonini yi no, mekae me papa.

Source: Les hommes déjeunent.
Pivot: Men are eating lunch.
Target: Mmarima didi awia.

Source: Veuillez réfléchir à la décision.
Pivot: Please think about the decision.
Target: Yɛsrɛ wo susuw gyinaesi no ho.

Source: J’ai soif
Pivot: I'm thirsty
Target: Sukɔm de me

Source: Après avoir pris le bain, asamoah a dîné.
Pivot: After taking a bath, asamoah ate dinner.
Target: Bere a woguare wiei no, asamoah dii aduan.

Source: Je ne lui ai pas tout dit.
Pivot: I didn't tell him everything.
Target: Ná menka biribiara nkyerɛ no.

Source: Il est possible que vous ayez déjà lu ce livre.
Pivot: It's possible that you've already read this book.
Target: Ebetumi aba sɛ woakenkan nhoma yi dedaw.

Source: Je peux traverser la rivière à la nage.
Pivot: I can swim through the river.
Target: Metumi aguare wɔ asubɔnten no mu.

Source: Le magnétophone était posé sur la table.
Pivot: The magnetophone was set on the table.
Target: Wɔde anyinam ahoɔden afiri no sii ɔpon no so.

Source: Je rentre à la maison. j'en ai marre de kwabena.
Pivot: I'm going home. i'm sick of kwabena.
Target: Kwabena yare nti, merekɔ fie.

Source: Cet enfant n'a pas peur de l'eau.
Pivot: That child is not afraid of water.
Target: Saa abofra no nsuro nsu.

Source: Il est devenu célèbre.
Pivot: He became famous.
Target: Obegyee din.

Source: Existe-t-il des mesures de la sécurité?
Pivot: Are there any safety measures in place?
Target: So ahobammɔ ho nhyehyɛe bi wɔ hɔ?

Source: Kwabena prévoit de terminer le rapport d'ici la semaine prochaine.
Pivot: Kwabena is planning to finish the report by next week.
Target: Kwabena reyɛ nhyehyɛe sɛ wobewie amanneɛbɔ no dapɛn a edi hɔ no.

Source: Kwaku ne s'attendait pas à ce qu'abena puisse si bien jouer de la harpe.
Pivot: Kwaku didn't expect abena to play harp so well.
Target: Kwaku anhwɛ kwan sɛ abena bɛbɔ sanku yiye saa.

Source: C'était nuageux toute la journée aujourd'hui.
Pivot: It was cloudy all day today.
Target: Ɛnnɛ, na omununkum wɔ wim paa.

Source: Asamoah a enlevé ses chaussettes.
Pivot: Asamoah took his socks off.
Target: Bere a asamoah yii n'asen no fii hɔ no, ne bo fuwii paa.

Source: Je parle de ce stylo, pas de celui-là sur le bureau.
Pivot: I'm talking about that pen, not that one on the desk.
Target: Saa pɛn na mereka ho asɛm, ɛnyɛ saa na ɛte wɔ ɔpon no so.

Source: Asamoah n'a pas manqué une seule rencontre.
Pivot: Asamoah didn't miss a single meeting.
Target: Sɛ́ asamoah no, n'abam ammu wɔ nhyiam biako mpo ho.

Source: J'ai transmis le programme que vous m'avez envoyé à kwabena.
Pivot: I forwarded the program you sent me to kwabena.
Target: Mekɔɔ dwumadi a wode menaa me no ase kɔɔ kwabena nkyɛn.

Source: Vous ne pouvez pas utiliser cela.
Pivot: You can't use this.
Target: Wuntumi mfa eyi nni dwuma.

Source: Tout semble être en ordre.
Pivot: Everything seems to be in order.
Target: Ɛte sɛ nea biribiara rekɔ so pɛpɛɛpɛ.

Source: Ce livre vous appartient
Pivot: This book is yours.
Target: Nhoma yi yɛ wo dea.

Source: Je suis très heureux maintenant.
Pivot: I'm very happy now.
Target: Seesei m'ani agye paa.

Source: C'est trop.
Pivot: That's too much.
Target: Ɛno dɔɔso dodo.

Source: C'est mon parapluie.
Pivot: This is my umbrella.
Target: Eyi ne me kyinii.

Source: Kwabena a dit à abena ce qu'il fallait faire.
Pivot: Kwabena told abena what to do.
Target: Kwabena kaa nea ɛsɛ sɛ ɔyɛ kyerɛɛ abena.

Source: Je savais ce qui était en jeu.
Pivot: I knew what was at stake.
Target: Ná minim nea ɛhaw me.

Source: Elle n'est pas commune
Pivot: It doesn't make sense.
Target: Nyansa nnim.

Source: Je lui ai fait peindre ma maison.
Pivot: I made him paint my house.
Target: Meyɛɛ no sɛ ɔreka me fie ho asɛm.

Source: Les fantômes existent.
Pivot: Ghosts exist.
Target: Abɔde a nkwa wom ho animdefo wɔ hɔ.

Source: Soyez prêt!
Pivot: Be ready!
Target: Siesie wo ho!

Source: Merci aussi
Pivot: Thank you too
Target: Meda mo nso ase

Source: La france était en guerre contre la russie.
Pivot: France was at war with russia.
Target: Ná france ne russia redi ako.

Source: Asamoah nous regarde.
Pivot: Asamoah is looking at us.
Target: Sɛ́ asamoah no, ɔrehwɛ yɛn.

Source: Le fugitif a fait un cour vers la frontière.
Pivot: The fugitive ran across the border.
Target: Ɔbarima a okum no no tuu mmirika faa ɔman no mu nyinaa.

Source: Aimez-vous toujours kwaku?
Pivot: Do you still like kwaku?
Target: So woda so ara te sɛ kwaku?

Source: Puis-je les voir?
Pivot: May i see them?
Target: So mehu wɔn?

Source: Regardez ce bâtiment rouge.
Pivot: Look at that red building.
Target: Hwɛ saa ɔdan kɔkɔɔ no.

Source: Tout le monde est invité. « même asamoah?
Pivot: Everybody\'s invited. "even asamoah?
Target: Asamoah mpo too nsa frɛɛ obiara sɛ ɔmmra bi anaa?

Source: Kwabena est plus âgé qu'abena.
Pivot: Kwabena is older than abena.
Target: Kwabena mfe akɔ anim sen abena.

Source: Il y a beaucoup de brasseries en bavière.
Pivot: There are a lot of brewing houses in bavière.
Target: Afie pii wɔ hɔ a wɔde nneɛma gu mu wɔ bavvre.

Source: La mariée était très belle.
Pivot: The bridal was very beautiful.
Target: Ná asamoal yɛ fɛ yiye.

Source: J'ai pris pour acquis que tu viendrais avec nous.
Pivot: I took it for granted that you would come with us.
Target: Mibuu no adewa sɛ wobɛka yɛn ho.

Source: Le patrouilleur m'a fait signe de m'arrêter.
Pivot: The patrolman sent me a sign to stop.
Target: Ɔbarima a na ɔpɛ sɛ mihu nea ɛrekɔ so no de sɛnkyerɛnne bi brɛɛ me sɛ menkɔ so nyɛ saa.

Source: Tu peux rester ici avec moi.
Pivot: You can stay here with me.
Target: Wubetumi ne me atra ha.

Source: Nous avons besoin d'une ambulance.
Pivot: We need an ambulance.
Target: Yehia ayaresabea aduru.

Source: Kwaku a vérifié sa montre pour voir l'heure qu'il était.
Pivot: Kwaku checked his watch to see what time it was.
Target: Kwaku hwehwɛɛ n'ani so hwɛe bere ko a ɛyɛ.

Source: Ne punissez pas les enfants.
Pivot: Don't punish children.
Target: Ntwe mmofra aso.

Source: Il fait froid.
Pivot: It's cold.
Target: Ɛyɛ nwini.

Source: Qu'y a-t-il au menu ce soir?
Pivot: What's on the menu tonight?
Target: Ɛde besi anadwo no, dɛn na ɛwɔ aduan no ho?

Source: Fait-il si chaud tous les jours?
Pivot: Is it so hot every day?
Target: So ɛyɛ hyew yiye da biara da?

Source: Roger miller a été recruté dans l'armée américaine à l'âge de dix-sept ans. il a été envoyé dans une base militaire près d'atlanta, en géorgie.
Pivot: Roger miller was hired into the american army at the age of seventeen. he was sent to a military base near atlanta, in georgy.
Target: Wɔbɔɔ no paa wɔ amerikani asraafo mu bere a na wadi mfe 13 no, na wɔde no kɔɔ sraadi dan bi a ɛbɛnlanta a ɛwɔ landorgy no mu.

Source: Vous n'avez pas à avoir honte.
Pivot: You don't have to be ashamed of.
Target: Ɛnsɛ sɛ woma w'ani wu.

Source: Il ne fume pas et ne boit pas de vodka.
Pivot: He doesn't smoke or drink vodka.
Target: Ɔnyɛ sigaret anaa ɔnom nsa.

Source: Beaucoup de gens attendent ce qui va se passer.
Pivot: A lot of people are waiting for what's going to happen.
Target: Nnipa pii retwɛn nea ɛbɛba no.

Source: Vous avez probablement tort.
Pivot: You're probably wrong.
Target: Ebia na woadi mfomso.

Source: Quand j'avais huit ans, ma mère m'a acheté des jouets.
Pivot: When i was eight years old, my mother bought me some toys.
Target: Bere a midii mfe awotwe no, me maame tɔɔ agode bi maa me.

Source: Asamoah m'a demandé ce que j'avais acheté.
Pivot: Asamoah asked me what i had bought.
Target: Asamoah bisaa me nea matotɔ no.

Source: Je me suis endormi lors de la lecture.
Pivot: I fell asleep while reading.
Target: Bere a merekenkan ade no, na meda.

Source: Je lui ai acheté une nouvelle voiture.
Pivot: I bought a new car for him.
Target: Metɔɔ kar foforo maa no.

Source: Les enfants adorent chanter.
Pivot: The children love singing.
Target: Mmofra no ani gye nnwonto ho.

Source: Ce n'est pas le mien.
Pivot: It isn't mine.
Target: Ɛnyɛ me dea.

Source: Je ferme mon magasin.
Pivot: I close my store.
Target: M'ani gyee me sotɔɔ no ho paa.

Source: J'ai beaucoup de bagages, donc je ne peux pas rentrer à pied.
Pivot: I have a lot of luggage, so i can't walk back.
Target: Mewɔ nneɛma pii, enti mintumi nsan m'akyi.

Source: Asamoah était vraiment contente d'apprendre qu'abena avait réussi ses examens.
Pivot: Asamoah was really happy to hear that abena had passed her exams.
Target: Bere a asamoah tee sɛ abena atwa ne sɔhwɛ ahorow no, n'ani gyei yiye.

Source: Quelle est la derniere fois que vous êtes allé à la chasse?
Pivot: What's the last time you went hunting?
Target: Dɛn ne bere a etwa to a wokɔɔ ahayɔ?

Source: Il a fait une boîte hier.
Pivot: He boxed yesterday.
Target: Ɔde ne nsa hyɛɛ adaka no mu besi nnɛ.

Source: Rien d'extraordinaire ne s'est produit.
Pivot: Nothing extraordinarily happened.
Target: Biribiara ansi mpofirim.

Source: J'ai une fois vu une baleine vivante.
Pivot: I have once seen a live whale.
Target: Mahu bonsu bi a ɔte ase pɛn.

Source: Il a profité du beau temps pour faire du jardinage.
Pivot: He took advantage of the good weather to garden.
Target: Ɔde wim tebea pa no dii dwuma wɔ turo mu.

Source: Avez-vous déjà entendu parler de kwabena jackson?
Pivot: Have you ever heard of kwabena jackson?
Target: So woate kwabena jackson ho asɛm pɛn?

Source: C'est merveilleux d'être ici.
Pivot: It's wonderful to be here.
Target: Ɛyɛ me anigye sɛ mewɔ ha.

Source: Je sais que c'est mal.
Pivot: I know this is wrong.
Target: Minim sɛ eyi yɛ mfomso.

Source: J'aime votre jardin.
Pivot: I like your garden.
Target: M'ani gye wo turo no ho.

Source: Kwaku pouvait voir qu'il n'allait pas gagner l'argument.
Pivot: Kwaku could see that he was not going to win the argument.
Target: Kwaku hui sɛ ɔremma akyinnyegye no nkɔ so.

Source: Vous devrez demander à quelqu'un d'autre.
Pivot: You'll have to ask someone else.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ wubisa obi foforo.

Source: Pourriez-vous me faire cela?
Pivot: Could you do that for me?
Target: So wubetumi ayɛ saa ama me?

Source: Ce n'est pas aussi mauvais qu'il n'y paraît.
Pivot: It's not as bad as it looks.
Target: Ɛnyɛ bɔne sɛnea ɛte no.

Source: Kwabena ne triche jamais.
Pivot: Kwabena never cheats.
Target: Kwabena ntwa sɔhwɛ mu da.

Source: Tu sais ce que ça veut dire?
Pivot: Do you know what that means?
Target: Wunim nea ɛno kyerɛ?

Source: Plus personne ne parle cette langue.
Pivot: No one can speak that language anymore.
Target: Obiara ntumi nka saa kasa no bio.

Source: Asamoah ne peut pas prendre soin de lui-même.
Pivot: Asamoah can't take care of himself.
Target: Asamoah ntumi nhwɛ ne ho.

Source: Je pensais que kwaku voudrait le récupérer.
Pivot: I thought kwaku would want it back.
Target: Ná misusuw sɛ kwaku bɛpɛ sɛ ɔsan de ba.

Source: Asamoah n'aurait pas dû fâcher esi en colère.
Pivot: Asamoah shouldn't have angry esi.
Target: Na ɛnsɛ sɛ asamoah bo fuw esi.

Source: La douleur est partie parce que j'ai pris les pilules.
Pivot: The pain went away because i took the pills.
Target: Esiane sɛ mefaa nnuru no nti, ɛyaw no fii hɔ.

Source: Asamoah n'a fait que se plaindre.
Pivot: Asamoah just complained.
Target: Asamoah nwiinwii nkyɛe koraa.

Source: Kwabena a envoyé une carte d'anniversaire à abena.
Pivot: Kwabena sent abena a birthday card.
Target: Kwabena de abena awodadi krataa bi bae.

Source: Asamoah porte-t-il des lunettes?
Pivot: Is asamoah wearing glasses?
Target: So asamoah hyɛ ahwehwɛ mu?

Source: C'est évidemment un mensonge.
Pivot: It's obviously a lie.
Target: Ɛda adi sɛ ɛyɛ atoro.

Source: Il parle couramment le chinois.
Pivot: He's fluent in chinese.
Target: N'ano atew wɔ china kasa mu.

Source: Kwabena a demandé à abena pourquoi elle était en retard.
Pivot: Kwabena asked abena why she was late.
Target: Kwabena bisaa abena nea enti a waka akyi no.

Source: Nous ne serons jamais d'accord.
Pivot: We'll never agree.
Target: Yɛn ne no renyɛ adwene da.

Source: Nous avons joué au foot hier
Pivot: We played soccer yesterday.
Target: Yɛbɔɔ bɔɔl ɔsram biara.

Source: J'espère que vous vous déciderez rapidement.
Pivot: I hope you make up your mind quickly.
Target: Migye di sɛ wobɛyɛ w'adwene ntɛm ara.

Source: Nos ancêtres sont arrivés dans ce pays il y a 150 ans.
Pivot: Our forefathers arrived in this country 150 years ago.
Target: Mfe 150 a atwam ni no, yɛn nananom duu ɔman yi mu.

Source: L'événement a lieu lundi.
Pivot: The event is taking place monday.
Target: Asɛm no rekɔ so dwoda.

Source: Asamoah a une solution pour tout.
Pivot: Asamoah has a solution for everything.
Target: Sɛ́ asamoah no, ɔwɔ biribiara ano aduru.

Source: Je pense qu'on devrait avertir les parents d'asamoah.
Pivot: I think we should warn asamoah's parents.
Target: Misusuw sɛ ɛsɛ sɛ yɛbɔ asamoah awofo kɔkɔ.

Source: Il semblait avoir peu d'argent.
Pivot: He seemed to have few money.
Target: Ná ɛte sɛ nea onni sika pii.

Source: Suis-je sur la bonne voie?
Pivot: Am i on the right track?
Target: So m'ani da hɔ wɔ ɔkwan a ɛfata so?

Source: Même quand j'étais assis au soleil, j'avais froid.
Pivot: Even when i was sitting in the sun, i was cold.
Target: Bere a na mete awia mu mpo no, na awɔw wom.

Source: Asamoah est l'un des meilleurs avocats de boston.
Pivot: Asamoah is one of boston's best lawyers.
Target: Asamoah yɛ boston mmaranimfo a ɔsen biara no mu biako.

Source: Si vous voulez parler, levez la main.
Pivot: If you want to speak, raise your hand.
Target: Sɛ wopɛ sɛ wokasa a, ma wo nsa so.

Source: Elle est attirante, mais elle parle trop.
Pivot: She is attractive, but she talks too much.
Target: Ne ho yɛ fɛ, nanso ɔkasa pii.

Source: Je suis dans les nuages.
Pivot: I'm freezing.
Target: Me ho yeraw me.

Source: L'homme s'est mis en quatre pour m'emmener à la gare.
Pivot: The man went out of his way to take me to the station.
Target: Ɔbarima no bɔɔ mmɔden de me kɔɔ keteke gyinabea hɔ.

Source: La maison a été perquisitionnée par la police.
Pivot: The house was searched by the police.
Target: Polisifo no hwehwɛɛ fie no mu.

Source: J'aimerais les revoir.
Pivot: I'd like to see them again.
Target: Mepɛ sɛ mihu wɔn bio.

Source: J'ai pensé que vous avez fait une remarque intéressante.
Pivot: I thought you made an interesting comment.
Target: Ná misusuw sɛ woka asɛm bi a ɛyɛ anigye kyerɛ wɔn.

Source: Vous êtes arrivé à l'heure?
Pivot: Did you come on time?
Target: So wobaa hɔ bere ano?

Source: Je l'ai déjà vu.
Pivot: I've already seen him.
Target: Mahu no dedaw.

Source: Ce vélo n'appartient pas à appiah.
Pivot: This bicycle doesn't belong to appiah.
Target: Saa sakre yi nni appiah nsam.

Source: Nous parlerons avec kwabena lundi.
Pivot: We'll talk with kwabena on monday.
Target: Yɛne kwabena bɛkasa dwoda.

Source: Elle l'a surpris avec un baiser.
Pivot: She surprised him with a kiss.
Target: Ɔde n'ano few n'ano yɛɛ no nwonwa.

Source: Un policier regardait un piéton suspect.
Pivot: A policeman was watching a suspicious pedestrian.
Target: Ná polisini bi rehwɛ nnipa a wokura adwemmɔne.

Source: C'est pour cela que tu veux venir?
Pivot: Is that why you want to come?
Target: So ɛno nti na wopɛ sɛ woba no?

Source: Avez-vous parlé du tout?
Pivot: Did you talk at all?
Target: So wo ne no kasae koraa?

Source: L'un après l'autre, les animaux mouraient.
Pivot: One by one, the animals were dying.
Target: Ná mmoa no mmiako mmiako rewu.

Source: La ressemblance est troublante.
Pivot: The likeness is disturbing.
Target: Nea ɛte sɛɛ no haw adwene.

Source: Kwabena s'est cassé les deux jambes.
Pivot: Kwabena broke both his legs.
Target: Kwabena bubuu ne nan abien no nyinaa mu.

Source: Je viens d'avoir une petite conversation avec kwaku.
Pivot: I just had a little chat with kwaku.
Target: Me ne kwaku bɔɔ nkɔmmɔ kakra nkyɛe koraa.

Source: Asamoah a glissé.
Pivot: Asamoah slipped.
Target: Bere a asamoah twentwɛnee ne nan ase no, ne bo fuwii.

Source: Kwabena et abena sont amis depuis qu'ils sont enfants.
Pivot: Kwabena and abena have been friends since they were children.
Target: Kwabena ne abena yɛ nnamfo fi wɔn mmofraase.

Source: Ma mère a acheté à mon petit frère un parapluie jaune.
Pivot: My mother bought my little brother a yellow umbrella.
Target: Me maame tɔɔ kyinii a ne kɔla yɛ akokɔsrade maa me nuabarima kumaa no.

Source: Ne parlez pas d'asamoah.
Pivot: Don't talk about asamoah.
Target: Nka asamoah ho asɛm.

Source: Je préfère sortir que rester à l'intérieur.
Pivot: I'd rather go out than stay indoors.
Target: Mepɛ sɛ mifi adi mmom sen sɛ mɛtra dan mu.

Source: Il a essayé d'apprendre le français.
Pivot: He tried to learn french.
Target: Ɔbɔɔ mmɔden sɛ obesua franse kasa.

Source: Que pensez-vous qu'elle va faire?
Pivot: What do you think she will do?
Target: Wususuw sɛ dɛn na ɔbɛyɛ?

Source: Ils étaient géniaux.
Pivot: They were awesome.
Target: Ná ɛyɛ hu.

Source: J'attends son cadeau avec impatience.
Pivot: I look forward to expecting her present.
Target: Mehwɛ kwan sɛ ɔbɛkɔ bi.

Source: N'utilisez pas toute l'eau chaude.
Pivot: Don't use all the hot water.
Target: Mfa nsu a ɛyɛ hyew no nyinaa nni dwuma.

Source: Je vais rester un peu plus longtemps dans la piscine.
Pivot: I'm going to stay in the pool for a little longer.
Target: Mebɛtena ɔtare no mu kakra.

Source: Copiez ces mots dans votre cahier.
Pivot: Copy these words into your book.
Target: Fa nsɛm yi gu wo nhoma mu.

Source: Kwabena n'a rien fait d'autre.
Pivot: Kwabena didn't do anything else.
Target: Kwabena anyɛ biribi foforo biara.

Source: Le chien s'est enfui.
Pivot: The dog ran away.
Target: Ɔkraman no guan fii hɔ.

Source: J'ai besoin d'un prêt.
Pivot: I need a loan.
Target: Mehia bosea.

Source: Kwabena est la seule personne qui peut faire ce travail.
Pivot: Kwabena is the only person who can do that job.
Target: Kwabena nkutoo ne obi a obetumi ayɛ saa adwuma no.

Source: Ils déjeunent généralement à sept heures et demie et déjeunent à midi.
Pivot: They usually eat lunch at seven-thirty and eat lunch at twelve o'clock.
Target: Wɔtaa didi awia nnɔn ason wɔ afe biako mu, na wodi awia aduan anɔpa dumien.

Source: Les parapluies se vendent bien.
Pivot: Umbrellas sell well.
Target: Wɔtɔn kyinii yiye.

Source: J'aimerais parler au contremaître.
Pivot: I'd like a word with the foreman.
Target: Ná m'ani gye asɛmfua bi a wɔfrɛ no maeman ho.

Source: Accepteriez-vous de m'envoyer cette lettre?
Pivot: Would you mind sending me this letter?
Target: So wobɛpɛ sɛ wode krataa yi brɛ me?

Source: Je ne peux pas rester ici longtemps.
Pivot: I can't stay here long.
Target: Mintumi ntra ha nkyɛ.

Source: Les renards sont des animaux sauvages.
Pivot: Foxes are feral animals.
Target: Spania yɛ mmoa a wotumi de wɔn ho to wɔn so.

Source: Ils vivent en paix.
Pivot: They live in peace.
Target: Wɔte asomdwoe mu.

Source: En effet, vous savez beaucoup de choses, mais vous n'êtes pas doué pour les enseigner.
Pivot: You know many things, but you aren't good at teaching them.
Target: Wunim nneɛma pii, nanso wonyɛɛ nnipa papa sɛ wobɛkyerɛkyerɛ wɔn.

Source: Donnez-moi un indice.
Pivot: Give me a clue.
Target: Ma me ɛho mmuae bi.

Source: Le voleur était pieds et poings liés.
Pivot: The thief was feet and fists bound.
Target: Ná owifo no nan ho yɛ fĩ, na na ɔhyɛ n'ase.

Source: Il n'y avait personne
Pivot: There was no one there.
Target: Ná obiara nni hɔ.

Source: Kwaku est trop pauvre pour engager un avocat.
Pivot: Kwaku is too poor to hire a lawyer.
Target: Kwaku yɛ ohiani dodo sɛ obegye mmaranimfo.

Source: Il reviendra tôt ou tard.
Pivot: He'll come back sooner or later.
Target: Ɔbɛsan aba ntɛm ara anaa akyiri yi.

Source: Tu es mon préféré.
Pivot: You're my favorite.
Target: W'ani gye wo ho paa.

Source: Je n'ai lu aucun de ses romans.
Pivot: I didn't read any of his novels.
Target: Ná menkenkan ne nhoma no mu biara.

Source: Ils sont sortis de la voiture.
Pivot: They came out of the car.
Target: Wofii kar no mu bae.

Source: Les fruits frais sont bons pour la santé.
Pivot: Fresh fruit is good for your health.
Target: Aba a ɛsow no ye ma w'akwahosan.

Source: Savez-vous quand ces photos ont été prises?
Pivot: Do you know when these pictures were taken?
Target: So wunim bere a wɔyɛɛ mfonini ahorow yi?

Source: Vous devriez vous préparer l'avenir.
Pivot: You should prepare for the future.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ wusiesie wo ho ma daakye.

Source: Mon père est médecin.
Pivot: My father is a doctor.
Target: Me papa yɛ oduruyɛfo.

Source: Où es-tu?
Pivot: Where are you?
Target: Ɛhe na wowɔ?

Source: Il déjeunait quand je suis entré dans la chambre.
Pivot: He was eating lunch when i entered the room.
Target: Bere a mekɔɔ dan no mu no, na ɔredi awia aduan.

Source: Ça ne me dérange pas de partager la chambre avec lui.
Pivot: I don't mind sharing the room with him.
Target: Mempɛ sɛ me ne no bɛkyɛ dan no mu tra.

Source: Pourquoi ne m'as-tu pas choisi?
Pivot: Why didn't you choose me?
Target: Dɛn nti na woapaw me?

Source: Asamoah aime les mathématiques.
Pivot: Asamoah likes mathematics.
Target: Sɛ́ afifide ne mmoa ho nimdefo no, ɔpɛ akontaabu.

Source: Son succès dépend de ses efforts.
Pivot: His success depends on his effort.
Target: Ne mmɔdenbɔ na ɛma esi no yiye.

Source: Asamoah je me sens solitaire
Pivot: Asamoah makes me feel lonely.
Target: Asamoah ma mete nka sɛ mayɛ ankonam.

Source: Elle a montré à ses invités comment manger ce qu'elle avait préparé.
Pivot: She showed her guests how to eat what she had prepared.
Target: Ɔkyerɛɛ n'ahɔho no sɛnea wodi nea wasiesie no.

Source: Peut-être devrions-nous faire quelque chose à ce sujet.
Pivot: Maybe we should do something about that.
Target: Ebia ɛsɛ sɛ yɛyɛ biribi fa ɛno ho.

Source: Il disait souvent une telle chose.
Pivot: He would often say such a thing.
Target: Ná ɔtaa ka biribi a ɛte saa.

Source: Les vaches donnent du lait.
Pivot: The cows give milk.
Target: Anantwi no ma nufusu.

Source: Vous voulez toujours du thé?
Pivot: Do you still want some tea?
Target: So woda so ara pɛ tii?

Source: Certains d'entre nous seront à votre fête.
Pivot: Some of us will be at your party.
Target: Yɛn mu binom bɛba wo apontow no ase.

Source: Je dois changer une corde de la guitare.
Pivot: I have to change a rope from the guitar.
Target: Ɛsɛ sɛ mesesa hama bi fi hama no ho.

Source: Elle dépend de son mari pour tout.
Pivot: She depends on her husband for everything.
Target: Ɔde ne ho to ne kunu so wɔ biribiara mu.

Source: De nombreux étudiants en langues étrangères rêvent de parler comme si c'était leur langue maternelle.
Pivot: Many foreign language students dream of speaking as if it were their mother tongue.
Target: Wɔn a wosua ɔman foforo so kasa pii wɔ hɔ a wɔpɛ sɛ wɔka te sɛ nea ɛyɛ wɔn kurom kasa.

Source: J'en doute.
Pivot: I doubt that.
Target: M'adwene nsi me pi wɔ ho.

Source: Tu peux faire patienter asamoah jusqu'à ce que j'arrive?
Pivot: Can you make asamoah wait until i get here?
Target: So wubetumi ama asamoah atwɛn akosi sɛ mɛba ha?

Source: La précision est importante en arithmétique.
Pivot: Precision is important in arithmetic.
Target: Nhyehyɛe pa ho hia wɔ china mu.

Source: Tu m'étonnes.
Pivot: I can't believe that.
Target: Mannye anni saa.

Source: Notez vos objectifs.
Pivot: Note your objectives.
Target: Hyɛ wo botae ahorow nsow.

Source: Combien d'argent pensez-vous que kwaku gagne?
Pivot: How much money do you think kwaku is winning?
Target: Wususuw sɛ sika dodow ahe na kwaku redi nkonim?

Source: Non seulement il enseignait, mais il écrivait des romans.
Pivot: Not only did he teach, but he wrote novels.
Target: Ɛnyɛ nkyerɛkyerɛ nko na ɔkyerɛkyerɛe, na mmom ɔkyerɛw nhoma nso.

Source: Je vais t'apprendre à jouer aux échecs.
Pivot: I'll teach you how to play chess.
Target: Mɛkyerɛ wo ɔkwan a wobɛfa so adi agoru a ɛte saa.

Source: Il aime chanter et danser.
Pivot: He likes singing and dancing.
Target: N'ani gye nnwonto ne asaw ho.

Source: Elle était douloureusement maigre.
Pivot: She was painfully skinny.
Target: Ná ne ho yɛ mmɔbɔ paa.

Source: Asamoah sait probablement la réponse.
Pivot: Asamoah probably knows the answer.
Target: Ebia asamoah nim mmuae no.

Source: Asamoah me regarde d'une manière bizarre.
Pivot: Asamoah is looking at me in a weird way.
Target: Sɛ́ asamoah no, na ɔrehwɛ me wɔ ɔkwan a nyansa nnim so.

Source: Il est toujours prêt.
Pivot: He is still ready.
Target: Ɔda so ara ayɛ krado.

Source: Ouvrez-la.
Pivot: Open it.
Target: Bue mu.

Source: La technologie n'a de sens en soi que si elle est au service de l'humanité.
Pivot: Technology is in itself meaningless unless it serves mankind.
Target: Mfaso biara nni mfiridwuma ankasa so gye sɛ ɛsom bo ma adesamma.

Source: Cela a pris plus de temps que prévu.
Pivot: It took more time than we had expected.
Target: Egyee bere pii sen sɛnea na yɛhwɛ kwan no.

Source: Continuer à regarder.
Pivot: Keep watching.
Target: Kɔ so hwɛ.

Source: Ils sont mariés depuis deux ans.
Pivot: They've been married two years.
Target: Wɔaware mfe abien ni.

Source: S'il vous plaît, donnez-moi un peu plus de chocolat.
Pivot: Please give me a little more chocolate.
Target: Mesrɛ wo, ma me chocolate kakra ka ho.

Source: Il est parti loin.
Pivot: He went away.
Target: Ofii hɔ kɔe.

Source: Ce n'est que ce matin qu'il a cessé de pleuvoir.
Pivot: It was not until this morning that it stopped raining.
Target: Eduu anɔpa yi na osu gyaee tɔ.

Source: Il sera très occupé le mois prochain.
Pivot: He'll be very busy next month.
Target: Ɔsram a edi hɔ no, ɔbɛyɛ obi a onni adagyew koraa.

Source: Tu es le meilleur père du monde.
Pivot: You're the best father in the world.
Target: Woyɛ agya pa sen biara wɔ wiase.

Source: Kwabena mourait d'envie de rencontrer abena.
Pivot: Kwabena was dying to meet abena.
Target: Ná kwabena rewu bere a ohyiaa abena no.

Source: Ils étaient très populaires.
Pivot: They were very popular.
Target: Ná wɔagye din yiye.

Source: J'ai invité mes amis à dîner.
Pivot: I invited my friends over to dinner.
Target: Metoo me nsa frɛɛ me nnamfo sɛ wɔmmra adidi.

Source: Tu peux aller à la fête, mais tu dois rentrer avant minuit.
Pivot: You can go to the party, but you have to be home before midnight.
Target: Wubetumi akɔ apontow no ase, nanso ɛsɛ sɛ wokɔ fie ansa na ade asa.

Source: Pourquoi vous voulez ceci?
Pivot: Why do you want this?
Target: Dɛn nti na wopɛ eyi?

Source: Personne ne sait la réponse.
Pivot: Nobody knows the answer.
Target: Obiara nnim mmuae no.

Source: J'ai besoin de réponse.
Pivot: I need an answer.
Target: Mehia mmuae.

Source: Tout ce que je veux maintenant, c'est dormir.
Pivot: All i want to do now is sleep.
Target: Nea mepɛ sɛ meyɛ seesei ara ne nna.

Source: Comment vais-je même acheter ça?
Pivot: How will i even buy this?
Target: Mɛyɛ dɛn atumi atɔ eyi mpo?

Source: J'ai assez faim.
Pivot: I'm quite hungry.
Target: Ɔkɔm de me yiye.

Source: Elle a écouté de la musique pendant des heures.
Pivot: She listened to music for hours.
Target: Ɔde nnɔnhwerew pii tiee nnwom.